>> Steve Kinney: So we played around
with it a little bit in the playground.
Now what we're gonna do is actually
hook it up to a React application.
So this is just branched off of Master.
This is from where we
started the day earlier.
And we're gonna do a few things.
We're gonna reinitialize Amplify,
or AWS Mobile rather.
And then we will have taken that absent
config that we downloaded at the very
beginning of the section and
we'll learn how to take existing services,
cuz we could spin up an absent
database in Amplify.
We already did that work, and I kinda
wanna highlight that you don't need to
create everything,
you use Amplify in Amplify.
You can actually be able
to bring other services.
So if you already have an S3 bucket,
something along those lines,
you can actually bring that in as well.
So I think it would be a good
opportunity to look at that.
So do awsmobile init, and
I'm gonna say yes to everything.
Cool.
>> Steve Kinney: And then,
real quick, we'll also add in,
because this is branched off of a Master
before we played with any of this, we'll
bring in the AWS Amplifier library and
the AWS Amplifier React library as well.
>> Steve Kinney: So
say yarn add aws-amplify
aws-amplify-react.
>> Steve Kinney: So
you get those both in there as well.
So now if we flip over to our project,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll
go in to the index.js, and
we've got this very plain
starting of a React application.
So we'll pull in Amplify
from 'aws-amplify',
and we'll pull in
the configuration object.
>> Steve Kinney: From ./aws-exports,
which was made for us by AWS Mobile ANET.
Now, if we're just setting up a regular,
why don't we do amplify.configure and,
>> Steve Kinney: This configuration.
And I'm spreading it cuz we're going
to add more stuff to it in a second.
So what we'll do is, let's.
>> Steve Kinney: Turn off analytics for
a second.
>> Steve Kinney: Now,
even when we use appsync,
you're gonna see it's not highlighted
cuz we didn't pull it in from Amplify.
We're actually gonna custom
do that in our code.
Let's just start
the application up real quick.
>> Steve Kinney: And we've got our
application, everything works.
So this is just regular Amplify.
We're still seeing that,
I'll go ahead and turn that off.
So we'll bring in,
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
So go ahead and
that should be in place now.
Now we wanna pull in that appsync
file that we download earlier, so
it's in my downloads folder.
And this is what we got from AWSs'
appsync webpage when we downloaded it.
Now, this is almost good to go,
the only big difference is because Amplify
is in charge of a lot of things,
we do need to name space it.
So we can actually pull this in and
what we'll do is we'll say,
const appSyncConfiguration
>> Steve Kinney: I'll paste that.
The only thing we need to
do to get those working
is just preface it with "aws appsync_,
right.
This way it's like this is
not about the S3 bucket or
anything this is configuring
appsync in particular.
So we'll save that,
we'll verify that everything still works.
It works but that nice helpful aslint
error is also telling me that you made
a thing but you're not using it.
So.
>> Steve Kinney: Now could I
have changed the .awsx course?
Totally, but that file said very clear on
the top when we saw it earlier this is
auto generated, do not touch.
So all this one does is
combine those two objects.
Great, so now we're ready to go
into the application itself.
And we're gonna pull in a few things.
Before when we were working with
a Dynamo database, we went ahead and
we had an API, and it was api.get,
api.push, or post rather.
We're gonna do a very similar thing
cuz there's a similar method that we
didn't use.
So we'll say import { API
} from "aws-amplify';.
And we'll also pull in
this graphqlOperation.
This will take a string of graphql,
and it will go ahead and
turn into an actual graphql query.
Now, in a lot of courses you'll see that
there's like a definite folder structure,
to lay in all your graphql.
You'll have your queries,
your mutations, all separate.
For the purposes of learning together,
it can be tricky to figure
out what file I'm in, so
I'm going to put it all in one file called
graphql.js, that sounds like a good name.
Graphql.js, and in here we'll start
with getting a list of all of them.
So we'll say export const listGrudges.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll say that
equals, and make it a template string.
>> Steve Kinney: And
that will be query listGrudges.
We know from before that's items.
Those items will be the id,
person, the deed,
and if they have been avenged or not.
All right, and so this will service
as our very basic graphql query.
Let's see if I got it right.
And I want to see how the data comes back.
And I saw this on the playground but
I kind of want to see it in the context of
my application to figure out what I
need to do to get it into the state.
So we'll say when the component did mount,
>> Steve Kinney: We will go ahead and
do API.graphql, and we'll give that
the graphql operation with listGrudges,
which we've got to pull in.
So let's say import,
>> Steve Kinney: ListGrudges
from ./graphql.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, when I come
back, we'll get some kind of response and
what we'll do for now is we'll
simply console log that response.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, we'll save it.
>> Steve Kinney: We've got uncaught error.
>> Steve Kinney: So
I've got an issue in my query.
Let's go take a look at it.
>> Steve Kinney: We forgot
that little middle section.
So I'll say it's a query
called listGrudges, and
that will call one more layer of nesting.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, and what I will
probably do to better protect myself
is be a good a JavaScript citizen and
catch my own errors.
>> Steve Kinney: Now I'm not gonna do
anything particularly special with it.
I'm simply going to catch them and
consoler error them.
Cool, so now we got this response.
And the response has data.
The data has listGrudges.
The listGrudges has items.
And in there If we dig down far enough,
it is all of the grudges that I
made earlier in the playground.
So what we'll do next, is we'll just
kind of list them onto the page.
And we know how to do this, at this point.
We'll go ahead, and we'll say,
const grudges =, this is gonna be
response.data.listGrudge.items.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll set that in state.
>> Steve Kinney: Boom and
we can see that they show up instantly,
I mean for with a network request.
This is the real data in our database,
and we have it ready to go.
And getting it started in our React
application was not that difficult
with all the abstractions
that amplify gives us.